# illumio-coding-challenge
   since time is limited, I just implement a basic version of the firewall. A complete ip info packet incluedes direction protocol port and ip_address, I find out that each port and ip_address has a one to one relation, so I did't merge any port range. I turn every port range from rules into a list object **[start, end]** first element represent start port, the second represent end port, and assign a key for the list object, sorted in the ruleMap as **{"port":[([start, end] key)]}**. The benefit of this is that when checking if the accept ip meet the requirement, after you find every possible port key, you can get corressponding ip addresses in O(1) time complexity, since ip addresses stored in dictionary. This is the idea I brought from **undirected graph**.
   The reason why I sorted ports array at the end of __init__ function is to implement search function. After sorted ports array according to the port end point, I can use every port end point as a line to decide if the accepting port belongs to that range. I also brought some idea from **exponential search**, if the port beyond the port range end point we are currently checking, we double the index to check the next port range. Sine the port range stored in the list is not fixed, this is the only efficient searching way I can think of.
   If I had more time, I would do some work on mergering intervals. since the amount of rules is larger than the total number of ports, there's lots of redundant port range. but doing the merge must be carefully, because certain range of ports corresponding to certain range of ip address. so even there's interval in port range, the partition of port range may fail ip address range.
   Thanks for your time reviewing my code.
   my first choice is platform team, second is policy team.
